[global]
font = "Source Code Pro Semibold:size=11;1"

markup = yes
plain_text = no

format = "<i>%s</i>\n%b"
alignment = center
word_wrap = yes
ignore_newline = no
show_indicators = no

sort = no
indicate_hidden = yes
bounce_freq = 0
show_age_threshold = -1
stack_duplicates = yes
hide_duplicates_count = yes
idle_threshold = 0

monitor = 0
follow = none
geometry = "300x50-15+49"
shrink = no
transparency = 5
line_height = 1
separator_height = 2
padding = 6
horizontal_padding = 6
frame_width = 3

icon_position = left
max_icon_size = 80

sticky_history = yes
history_length = 15
startup_notification = false

frame_color = "#EAD49B"
separator_color = "#EAD49B"

dmenu = /usr/bin/dmenu -p dunst:
browser = /usr/bin/firefox -new-tab

[shortcuts]

close = ctrl+space
close_all = ctrl+shift+space
history = ctrl+grave
context = ctrl+shift+period

[base16_low]
msg_urgency = low
background = "#1E272B"
foreground = "#78824b"
timeout = 4

[base16_normal]
msg_urgency = normal
background = "#1E272B"
foreground = "#EAD49B"
timeout = 6

[base16_critical]
msg_urgency = critical
background = "#1E272B"
foreground = "#cc3e44"
timeout = 8
